Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
I overloaded the constructor for the house class to make debugging easier. I made one version with all default values that is ideal for when debugging any of the methods that have to do with students like the moveIn and moveOut methods. I also made another version lets you set the number of floors, and if it has a dining room or elevator. This constructor is ideal when you are attempting to debug or work with the acessor methods or the methods to do with moving up and down floors. For the Library class I overloaded the constructor two times. The first overload assigns the libaray all default values and is ideal when you are debugging the methods to do with the books in the library. The second constructor lets you set the number of floors and this is ideal when you are trying to debug any of the methods to do with going up or down floors. In the cafe class I made a constuctor that uses all default values that is ideal for debugging. Additionally, I overloaded the sellCoffee method to include another int parameter that allows you to order coffee in bulk. This would be helpful if you were trying to order coffee for an office or an event. 

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
Everything went pretty smoothly for me with this assignment. I think the advice I would give to someone taking this course in the future is too make sure you are listening and engaged in class because, especially for this assignment, a lot of in class work directly parallels the assignments. Additionally, I would say to start early and get on top of homework assignments because it is easier to do them piece by piece and not when you are stressed and rushing close to due dates. 
